welcome to our video section is expressed in the Acapulco room
Today we are teaching them the advice they handle and several opinions
disagrees and says that it should only be done with two large ones with reservations and
big reserves
there are some who say that it is advisable to do it always because that improvement
He came later
percent
the city while we have a plan ordered the closing of this edition this
detail
and it continues to fall hard tesfaye apart from that I would fire so many
sometimes as necessary consultation and salt is about mining a glass of wine
We all wonder what seminal it ends up simply staining the
wine glass before serving the wine because the town simple
the subject is in which we take a drink although apparently it
clean
we find that there can always be traces of detergent with special
care in which you may have even been closer and even if it is used
frequently
and that is not perceived but it can modify the flavors and aromas
of the wine later it can get to us to transmit when the spirits then
We start from the basis that what there are people always body pains wines
It is advisable to walk the areas
He also stressed
we will also uncork the bottle of wine, we will explain it to you in another
side via express the council has placed as was more responsible
We were going to use the same amount of money to avoid as many drinks as
let's have
in this case it is not enough with two gay couples
what is involved is to go inventing
everything is over
on the other hand in the cup
of civilians who had the most nothing
and indeed
apple the objective this Friday and the page the other cup
if we had more
did not look for all the glasses that have
and the goal now is time to throw you and came so that it in turn goes
training and crystal images that appear on him those guns
I am in contact with them so that they apply the regime of basting
with the national plan
the days
that's why he has us with the same care of the child
and from here we should say
before starting to raise the water
a year later we started as always an excellent wonderful wine
you can enter the forge in select and enjoy with us
she is in favor of the cup